- [Instructor] So let's now do a demo
with the JSR validations with Spring MVC.
Before we do that, let's quickly see something.
Under your external libraries,
if you see, you have Javax validation API
already included for you.
Now this is a specification, which means
you need some library which has implemented
those interfaces and provided logic.
Now that also is available to you as a part
of the Spring Boot project.
So if you go right down, you see hibernate validator,
org.hibernator.validator library.
That's the one which is going to provide us
with all the necessary implementations
from the JSR-380 API.
Now please note that hibernate validator
is not related to persistence,
it is solely an implementation
for the javax.validation package that we have
as a part of JSR-380.
So, let's minimize this,
and let's see what steps do we have to carry out
in order to do the validations.
The first is, we have to insert JSR-380 validation
annotations in user.javabean, so that's the one
that you are using for the registration form
and we're going to make sure that we have
few annotations added to this class.
So let's start off with the username.
There are a lot of validation constraints available
in the form of annotations.
I am going to use some of them
on some of the fields on this form.
So let's say for username we want to carry out
a validation for the size.
There is an annotation called @size.
That's the one, javax.validation.constraints
and you can specify a size, so let's say min is six
and if it does not comply to this validation,
you can also provide a message.
Now please understand this.
There will be a default message that is configured
for the @size annotation, but we do not want to
display the default message, we want to customize it
according to our application.
So I'm going to override that message
by setting that attribute right there.
So I'm going to say, username cannot be less
than six characters.
So that's the message I want when this validation
on username is going to fail.
Okay, let's look at another one.
Let's go to the password field and try to put
another annotation for validation.
This time we'll go with pattern.
This is basically to insert any kind of regular expression
that you want to apply on that input field.
So for password, I am going to say regesp,
that's the attribute that you have to define
and let's try defining a regular expression now.
So I'm going to first use the codes
and then I'm going to define a regular expression.
Now please note that this can be any kind of
regular expression that you wish to have
for the password field in your application.
So I'm just going to write a simple one,
let's say that we need something like this,
so we need at least one capital letter
and then we also want to make sure that we have
a range of the password between six and 10 characters.
And, instead of the default message,
you can provide a message of your own,
which says password must have one uppercase,
one lowercase and should be between six and ten characters.
So this can be as descriptive as possible,
it's totally left to the design of your application.
So we have done @size, we have done @pattern,
let's have one more, down there on activity,
I'm going to just insert not null for activity
and let's say message, activity cannot be left empty.
Okay.
Another one, maybe for the first name,
this time we'll use not empty as the annotation
and the message again can be overridden with your
customized message saying, first name cannot be empty.
Okay, so these are just a few annotations
that I have used in my form.
There's a whole store of such annotations for validations
that you can find on the official documentation
of GSR-380 or even the hibernate validator implementation.
So you can go and check it out and explore it further.
The next step will be to enable the controller
with @valid annotation.
So what's this about?
We have inserted all the annotations inside the JavaBean
but then as we said, we also have to tell Spring MVC
that we are going to carry out validations
according to GSR-380.
So for that, let's go to the controller,
which is the registration controller
and the line where you're trying to have
a model attribute attached, line number 18,
we have the @modelattribute that is tied up
to the method signature, so just before that,
we're going to use another validation
which is called @valid.
So this is a signal to the Spring MVC framework
that hey, I have used javax annotation for validations
inside the bean and whenever you're trying to do
data binding for the user bean,
make sure that you first run the validations.
That is what you tell by @validannotation.
The next will be attach a binding result parameter
to the method.
What this means is that let's say, one spring
carries out all the validations on this model attribute
of new user and let's say, some of the validations fail,
then in that case, it is going to populate the errors
in a special object, that is binding result.
The binding result object has to be placed
immediately next to the model attribute, that way.
Please remember this, this is a condition
that Spring presses on you.
This object of binding result is going to follow
the @modelattribute and addition.
So that is what this is talking about.
You're to attach the binding result parameter to the method
and the other thing that we have to do is,
let's come inside and let's say,
once the validations are carried out,
I'm just going to put a simple check.
I'm going to say, if this result has errors,
which means some of the validations fail,
then we just return to the register right from here.
Let's return to the register view and inform the user,
hey, you've got some problems with your input,
you have to correct them.